hey guys what's up down here and um I
haven't recorded lately I'm skull hasn't
been on not sure why yeah so while
making the base we came to a problem
let's see I don't know what side of time
I'm second right there when we were
building up we never took down the
pillars so I've got to find a way to get
rid of that lava it's pretty a stupid
but I'm sure can be fixed this tetra pak
is modern craft I'll have in description
it's really cool i really like it not
july but basically what this is going to
be is that since we did law already once
we fix that we break this for water and
then it will all be kabul so we don't
have to like build up and all that crap
it's just on a skull food showed me that
the method doesn't look too hard to do
and it's it's pretty easy just a block
under i think this is um swanee by 20
I'm not sure I would have to ask him
when he gets on this texture pack will
be in the description as well i will add
that to the description it's really cool
i really really like this douche bag
that's cool alright so there's not a lot
of people on so i can't really do
anything sub said yeah i'm tired i just
woke up not long ago so i can one
something p.m. um I'm not really sure
what to do oh yeah I got a bunch of my
alts to pay me so I have a hundred one
thousand don't judge me
I really don't know what to do this I've
said kits kits gets gets gets hit PEP
sharpness one that's decent
3 i'll just keep that in there zombie
spawner I had somebody gaming zombie
spawning i think it was faded fading v8
VII fading the theater knife I'm not
done but um I don't know really what to
do i'm like freezing yeah how is
everyone doing see family respond so
should we youtube plus because to get
youtuber you you um you need 1k you want
kiss subs for you to bring and i have
about 19 k somewhere around there and I
have the same equipment that they get
it's pretty ridiculous kind of weight my
kid gets prot one this is a so if you
see me don't be afraid to try to kill me
it's just pot one but if I pvp and
probably being in pro 3 or I'm going to
make these prot to or prot ones 22 and
then I know you're just gonna see me I'm
going to try to stack up on some good
stuff so I honestly do not know what to
do now because I really don't know how
to fix that I don't know if except for
home um
yes it is just like a little update but
yeah I'm not sure how to fix that how
can i fix that actually trying to think
because if I release the water the I
think the lava turns I'm sayin to be
honest that'd be cool if it didn't but
whatever i'm not a fast cooker but I can
do decently decent kind of lose all
control of the mouth I can't do that in
bv p it's just so uncomfortable and I
just can't just um i guess it's just
like talking hey guys
all right guys um all right now we're
just working on the pace I have lines
lines on its new lines gold helping me
he's up there he's fixing that weird
thing a lot of a thing I'm not sure
what's going on right now
sup some um system update so I don't
like how I can't I'm up it
mark again I was right there Oh is he
who does it down
I was just an update so in the next
episode of hopefully we'll be done yeah
so hope you enjoyed she is later so
die potato